The only thing she says is to reverse a singly linked list and print out its contents in O(n) time
You're a little weirded out, but you do it anyways because you listen to your professors lectures
Once you copy paste the code, she immediatly sends you an address, a date, and a time
and sends nothing else
You're creeped out at this point, but you decide to go to the place she sent anyways
You arrive at the location, and it's a cafe
You don't see the girl anywhere, so you order a coffee and cautiously sit down
Suddenly, a girl walks in and sits down in front of you
She looks slightly annoyed, and stares at you with judgemental eyes
"Answer me in five seconds or I'll walk out of this cafe. What is recursion?"
You stammer out: "U-uh, calling a function calling itself?"
She relaxes her face a little and smiles: "Good enough. Most people can't even answer that!"
"I'm Clara! Nice to meet you! I don't really trust people's responses to the coding
problem since they use chat-gbt. What has the world come to?"
You stare at her dumbfounded. 
You muster the courage the speak: "Am I tripping? Why are you so into coding?"
She laughs and looks into with a twinkle in her eyes: "I'm into guys who know how to code,of course!"
"In fact, if they can't code to my standards, I won't even talk to them."
You stare at her confused: "Wait, so do you have any other hobbies? Or..."
She suddenly gets serious and stares directly at you: "No. Only coding."
At this point she's a walking red flag. You silently get up to leave when she
grabs your hand and tugs you back down.
"Wait! I know this is weird but you're the only person I've talked who knows coding this much!
I'll give you a deal. If you answer all my coding questions then I'll reveal that my actual
hobbies and I'll be loyal to you for life! Just answer my coding questions and I'm yours!"
You take a moment to reconsider. If you squint really hard, she is kinda your type...
You sigh and sit back down. "Fine, you win. Now give me your questions."
She smiles with a devious grin. "Heheheh..."
"Cmon, this should be easy!"
"Congrats, you completed all my questions!"
You heave a sigh of relief and stand up: "Ok, we done here? I'm leaving..."
She stops you and looks deeply into your eyes for a second
Time seems to stand still.
She looks conflicted, and then starts to lean in for a kiss. Your heart starts to beat fast
Suddenly, she pushes you away. "No,no,no, this isn't right..."
"Meet me tomorrow at that really fancy Panda Express around 7pm. I have one final question."
"What???", you say, but before you can continue she runs out the door, unable to look you in the eye...
Confused and concerned, you head back home for the night.
How're you doing, thought we could try this gourmet place you know hehe.
THe orange chicken is so slay, but not's slay a man who can't solve a holy c problem.
My ex bf used to bench 225 and code only in holy c, cause im an itterative loop kinda girl.
let's ball code this and my heart is yours.
